Add diagram to what-is-istio page (#7283)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/concepts/what-is-istio/index.md

* Secure service-to-service communication in a cluster with strong identity-based authentication and authorization.

> Istio is designed for extensibility and meets diverse deployment needs. The following [architecture](/docs/ops/deployment/architecture/) diagram shows the various components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Istio is designed for extensibility and meets diverse deployment needs. It does this by intercepting and configuring mesh traffic as shown in the following diagram:
```

> {{< image width="80%"

Reviewer: It seems strange to show the exact same picture as what you see if you click on the link just above it.

Author: Well, clicking on the link shows the diagram plus description of the components :)  Ideally, we want the diagram in /docs/ops/deployment/architecture/ to show more details, like gateways, certs, wasm, etc

I think the duplication is better than not having a diagram on this page..wdyt?

Reviewer 2: @frankbu Personally, when I was looking at the docs on community testing day, I though it very odd that we didn't have a picture on the `What is Istio?` page and wondered if we lost it somewhere.

I'm not against using the same picture.

    link="/docs/ops/deployment/architecture/arch.svg"
    alt="The overall architecture of an Istio-based application."
    caption="Istio Architecture"

>     >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    >}}

Refer to [architecture](/docs/ops/deployment/architecture/) for more details.
```
